so my dear and have the welcome
to this little info video re
the champions league final 2014 open
title schlappi comments the champions
league that is the motto for the
coming saturday namely the 24 59
Now will you will think you
schlappi comments the champions
league finale what's going on there has it
not employed no unfortunately not so
we are not far yet I am
By the way, for this casting one advertises
Maybe they are not like that yet
but that 's what it's about
now not in the video but
Rather, that he is this for you
want to comment on the game you are now
now in the background that it is the
a side tilts that is called marcel - is
- live.de link to it is and in the video
description even the direct link to
my profile so that he is me there
think we'll come right on it and with
help this page you can completely
just comment on your own games
Now I could give you that completely
quickly show from the point of view like me
I have to do it because I want the games
Leave a Comment
I'll just click on it
and then I can go out when I am
just not logged in now say that
is the list of games you play
can comment this page
it were offered and is at the top
real madrid versus atletico madrid on 24
25 45 's the game
the live stream in quotation marks
live stream then starts at 20h30
with me and I just want to now times
explain a little bit like the whole
works and I go now
already on the home page
we can easily get on with it
look very clear click
then choose your game now saw this
then if you have your game or have
we already have real atlético down here
Show on more these are all now
commentators that are now listed here
yes , the game is going to happen
Do not comment patiently anymore
they also have the counter three days
another two hours to ministers now
if it picks up until it starts here
There are several people who do it all
wanted to comment and we know that
but the friends bade limp epi have
I thought I want it now
Just try it and you see
her member since the first 2012 the
the very long time are there with the
know that I have done that before
I had that back then
European Football Championship 2012 Spain
against Italy the final 52 people already
listened to it at a time where I am
Just believe me four months
I would have to show up for four months
youtube active
so very good also very much fun
I have to say honestly
of which he would be happy if
then listen and now now
even up like the whole
works for everyone who cares
maybe not really imagine
you can just do it the normal way
goggle to speak turns on where is coming
zdf I do not know now where just that
game comes i believe in zdf power
However, the sound of the television
completely on quiet then you choose the
Commentator you have already
with me and then you have the here still
possibility if the tv picture slower
as the commentator is easy with
minus and plus delay means when I am
kind of refill a bit then
you can easily go to minus or
plus pressure depending on that with the
Picture finally agrees there as well
I will at the beginning of the former hlinka
tests say I'll say then
what I grad c and then you can do such a thing
a little shaft man that he
works out is a bit ahead of that one
a little bit behind and then we get
that baked very well what he still do
if you have to get started then practically
Volt is just clicking on it where
it does not work right now where patience
not yet and he stands there clicks her
then just on it and angeli chance
and then I comment for you
atlético I'm really hot
I would of course have a few more info
I also have to write out
Small text is only light
a commentator not his text
babbles down and babbles to himself
then you would be exactly right here
namely as a commentator without getting
Emotions paired with dangerous times
need that as a small info here can yes
also be that citizen one or
others he still does not hear me at all
knows as youtuber so to speak but the
here just stumbled over the page
he is a small one of that
description of me i would
Huge happy if he is there
I also still below in the video
description packed the link to it
regarding a yes facebook
event there could be times like
to say or
click to say so competently recite
I do not know how it works
because I am the organizer here now
but here you have somewhere in the bar
are satisfied with their simply clicks on it
So far 44 people have attended three
unsure who else invited so there
I would be very happy if he was there
that too quickly clicks so that
just a little too much to look at
let's see I do not even know if we are there
theoretically crack the record
we are a lot here then
Max had topped 14,271
So I hear all of them
but actually make quite the 14,000
total listener
everyone subscribes then manage it
but do that or even create it
not clear any looks misplayed
goes with friend or something else but how
I definitely want to say that
because I also reese myself
bock on it just have the whole time
to try and then I would say
was that already with this one?
small info video, however, are
under video description as I said
I would be glad if he got up fast
Facebook comes along and there on
please click or unsure if you like
not quite so sure yet
so that I had a big overview at the time
and who thinks shit , it's about to happen soon
Let's go that's how many I should be
effort of heaven I would say
what happens as I said with the intro
video see you at the champions
Leave the league final on 24 05 in the
calendar red painting 20 o'clock 30 goes
Let's go and we'll do some tests
so that you all so with the picture
hinbekommt and then we go to
then your bath slippers servus